Remove legacy image scaling options (#44)
SRGSSR/srgdataprovider-apple: docs/SERVICE_AVAILABILITY.md

⚠️ Pagination is supported, but with a limit of 50. Attempting to request larger page sizes will fail.

## Image scaling service

> Only prefined width or size are available for scaling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only predefined widths and sizes are available for scaling.
```

> The [PlaySRG image service](https://confluence.srg.beecollaboration.com/display/SRGPLAY/Project+-+Image+Service) is used for all image urls*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [PlaySRG image service](https://confluence.srg.beecollaboration.com/display/SRGPLAY/Project+-+Image+Service) is used for all image URLs*.
```

> *An exception exists when the url host contains `rts.ch` and the url path contains `.image`. In this case, the business unit scaling image service is still used, using the convention of `https:[BU].ch/[image path]/scale/width/[width]`.

Reviewer: Not sure this implementation detail should be exposed in the documentation. It should (hopefully) disappear in the future anyway.

Author: @defagos I agree. It was written when no unit tests existed. Then  `ImageURLsTestCase.m` added.
I would not recommend to hide the exception, but simplify the documentation.

Proposition:

> *An exception exists for some `rts.ch` image urls. In this case, the business unit scaling image service is still used, using the convention of `https:[BU].ch/[image path]/scale/width/[width]`.

Author: @defagos Moved to a dedicated issue. Is it better?
